Update testtask.md (#7573)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/test-base/testtask.md

  - **Out of Box Test Scripts:** Type in the relative paths to your install, launch, close and uninstall scripts. You also have the option to select additional settings for the install script.
  - **Functional Test Scripts:** Type in the relative path to each functional test script uploaded. Additional functional test scripts can be added using the ```Add Script``` button. You need a minimum of one (1) script and can add up to eight (8) functional test scripts. 
  

>     The scripts are run in the sequence they are listed and a failure in a particular script will stop subsequent scripts from executing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The scripts run in the sequence they are listed. A failure in a particular script stops subsequent scripts from executing.
```
